Hello everyone. Welcome to a new episode of The
Dissenter, and today I'm here with Jasmine Shrney. She's
an adult content creator, model, actress, and we're going
to talk about her career a little bit and
also sex work more generally. So Jasmine, welcome to
the show. It's a huge pleasure to everyone.
Hi, I'm so glad to be here. Thank you
for uh taking the time to interview me today.
OK, so in this series that I'm doing, I
always start by asking people how they got into
sex work in this specific case, in your case,
into pornography, but I mean, what led you there
basically, and did you get uh when you started
doing sex work, was it immediately pornography or did
you start with something else first?
Um, MY short answer for how I got into
sex work is I always tell people food got
me here, which then people are very confused, but
I started on, um, Instagram as a foodie or
like food, you know, mini vlogger on Instagram that
led me into modeling, um, and really quickly into
more salacious modeling. I was a nurse for several,
for some time, um. I worked in critical care.
And basically, when I decided I didn't want to
be a nurse anymore, um, I stepped away from
that and I said, OK, well, what else is
there? And because I was already doing lifestyle modeling,
and I really loved influencing one of my friends
was like, hey, I think you're really good at
this. It seems like you love it. Why don't
you go try that more? Um, AND so I
just kind of started that on the side, and
it just started blooming and blossoming. And before long,
I, I got a, an offer to do mainstream
porn. I mean, that is like the really long
story condensed, but that is, that is it.
Oh, OK. That that's short and condensed, so let's
unpack it a little bit. So did you like
working as a nurse or I mean, was it,
uh, that was the fact that you didn't like
it one of the reasons why you, uh, decided
to do something else?
Um. How about this? I always tell people there
are good things and there are bad things about
literally everything, right? So there were things I loved
about nursing. I loved some of the people that
I worked with. I have good memories, but a
lot of it, I was miserable. I never really
wanted. TO be a nurse. That's a whole other
story. But I went into nursing because I was
like, OK, I had a full ride academic scholarship
to a university. I knew that I could go
into nursing at the time and come out with
a career. I originally wanted to be a chemical
engineer. Um, I was engaged really young, and my
fiance at the time, basically, you know, the only
school that had chemical engineering was a bit further
away. And he was like, you know, this would
be the end of our relationship and all these
other things. And now that I'm older, I know
that like true love doesn't ask you to give
up your dreams, uh, to be a chemical engineer
for your relationship, but at the time, it felt
like what I had to do because that's what
I had someone telling me I had to do
to, you know, be with them. So I was
like, OK, I'll go into this career and eventually
I will figure out what it is that I
want to do. And I was really fucking miserable.
Not to say like I was good at my
job. I, that was fine. Um, BUT I really
just was so miserable. I would come home, I
would sob, and that was even before the pandemic.
There would just be times I would walk right
into like there was a bathroom where we cried,
or at least where I cried. I know I
cried in that bathroom. That was my crying bathroom.
Um. Like, I remember if like a doctor was
looking for someone, they'd be like, well, I haven't
seen so and so. And I was like, well,
she's been in the bathroom for like 5 minutes,
but I'm pretty sure she's in there taking a
cry break. Like, you know, it was just not
it. There are so many things wrong with healthcare
in this country, um, that it just was not
it.
No, I, uh, definitely hear you because I actually
studied dentistry. I worked as a dentist for 2
years and I was just absolutely miserable, and it
was just a bit later that I started doing
this podcast because I couldn't take it anymore, being,
being a dentist.
Even in dentistry is miserable. Wow, here I was
thinking dentist. WAS seemed like a nice option to
go.
Uh, WELL, I mean, it's probably just because I
don't have the personality, uh, the proper personality traits
to, for being a, a dentist. I, I don't
know, and I'm not interested in that kind of
work. I never was actually, so I guess that
for some people it's great for me, it just
wasn't.
Yeah, and that that's the thing that I say
and that I've kind of told myself is that
like for so much of my life, I did
what I thought I was supposed to do, you
know, I chose a career that I thought I
was supposed to do based off of what everyone
told everyone else told me you should do this.
Hey, go into, hey, you should do this. Hey,
you should do that. Hey, this is what you
do. This is what you don't do. And leaving
nursing, I was finding like, OK, I'm really tired
of living a life that is really just for
all these other people. What does Jasmine want to
do? You know, and that that's a huge thing,
right, because I'm like, hey, you can be a
dentist and you can love that, or you can
be a dentist and not love it. And it's
like, why, why stay somewhere where you're miserable? That
is actually not doing you any justice. It's not
doing anyone any favors.
Yeah, completely agree. I mean, it's very interesting because
most people, I, I mean, I guess most people
have this assumption about sex workers that they're probably
not very intellectually gifted, and they don't have good
opportunities outside of sex work and so on and
so forth, but actually I'm also doing these conversations
because not only Was I already getting the sense
that it was not exactly like that in at
least in many cases, but actually there's many people
out there that are very intellectually gifted and they
have very good opportunities, very good alternatives if they
want to do other things apart from sex work,
but they just prefer doing this and that's perfectly
fine.
Exactly, that's a huge part of it for sure
and. Like, yeah, there are plenty of people who
are here for survival. And there's, you know, nothing
wrong with that. But I think some, I heard
someone say once, they were like, if you see
someone who has longevity in their career, it's usually
not because they're not a strategic, because, you know,
it's like you have to be the person who's
going. Going to map all these things out and
be like, how do I not burn out? How
do I, how's this sustainable? Like you have to
have those, those wheels turning of like, what am
I doing that's working? What am I doing that's
not working? How do I keep climbing this ladder?
Because there are so many other, you know, smart,
intelligent, talented people out there.
Yeah, and I mean if people think that it's,
it's just easy to be an online content creator
with all the skills that you have to acquire
and being a proper sex performer and so on,
like the kinds of things you do, if they
think those are easy and they don't require any
kind of long term planning or intelligence and so
on, uh, I mean, they're just ignorant,
right? They are, um, and it's sad, it seems
like that's kind of something that I wouldn't say
like. Maybe it sells, right? People get to do
these like viral TikToks and be like, oh, I
took this easy route because you're gonna like you're
you're gonna rage bait people. But and the truth
is, it's like, I work so much all the
time now. Whereas I used to be able to
go do 3 12-hour shifts in the hospital and
be done for the week. Yes, I was burnt
out. I was tired. I was miserable. But that
was it. I got to clock out and leave
the hospital. That was my hands were done. There
was no like, oh, I have to now manage
all these other things. Nope, I'm done. I'm off
the floor. We're, we're finished. Whereas now it is,
it's like, OK, I wake up. I'm like, where
have I posted? Where have I not posted? How
am I promoting myself? Where am I putting my
time and energy? It is so much more behind
the scenes that goes into it, so much more.
OK, but what do you think er got you
interested specifically in doing explicitly sexual content? I mean,
because I, I, I'm, I, while I'm doing these
conversations, I'm also trying to understand. Uh, WHAT you
guys think are possibly the traits that, uh, successful,
uh, porn stars or successful, uh, sex worker in
general should have and for them to like what
they're doing. I mean, have you ever thought of
that?
Um, There was a lot of questions in one,
but I'm gonna try to break this down. So
first, what made me choose this path and kind
of go more explicit? Um, BIG question. I have
a big answer for it. I'm gonna try to
make it as like concise so I don't, you
know, bore anyone who's listening. But, um, I mentioned
that when I was, you know, graduating high school,
going into university, I was engaged. I was engaged
very young, um, at the age of 15. I,
my, a lot of or pretty much all of
my like sexual experience in learning about sex was
not healthy. It was very much like it was
in service to someone else. My body wasn't mine.
My pleasure wasn't mine. Um, MY desires weren't really
thought of. It was very this like. Here's what
you're going to do. This is how you do
that, not, hey, what do you like? Hey, what
is this? And so when I got divorced, um,
pretty much as soon as I got out of
nursing school. I was like, you know, I wanted
to take that power back and be able to
think at the top of my mind, what is
it that Jasmine likes? And how do I explore
that? So I started going to classes, I started
looking into BDSM. I went to burlesque shows. I
was friends with, you know, girls who did a
lot of burlesque, um, who had OnlyFans, but I
I knew or felt like I could never be
public about those things, and I could never have
an OnlyFans or do any type of, um, even
suggestive content because in the nursing board, there are
like moral and ethic clauses. Um, I know there's
a lot of people who have argued, they'll go
back and forth with me, and they'll be like,
well, this person's a nurse and they do da
da da. I'm like, that's so great for them.
But please do know that they are running a
risk. Everyone who, you know, you are running a
huge risk and depending on like what state you're
in, or if someone wants to just be like,
hey, I'm gonna report you because this is not,
hey, this is how we as a profession, as
nurses uphold ourselves. And if you are not like
meeting those standards or you're doing something that they're,
they can deem as Hey, if that's not how
we want to look, you can be punished for
that. You can be fined for that. They can
take your license away for that. Like there are,
you know, a lot of stipulations around certain professions,
and you know what, they have their boards, they
have their rules and regulations, that is, I guess,
their own right to do that, um, but, you
know, those were, those were things that like we're
building that made me say, hey, I wanna get
into this. Um, WHEN I started modeling more and
I had a food account and then I decided
I was going to make a separate modeling page.
My modeling page took off really quickly. Um, I
had already kind of made like my shtick as
a foodie was that I would do kind of
salacious food things. I would have like food boudoir
shoots, and this was like a growing thing. Um.
It didn't happen overnight, but I really loved that
and like playing into that again, because like, I
wasn't able, like I didn't have a lot of
autonomy over my body and my expression for so
long. And I was told like, hey, you can't
do this, even like, hey, this is what brown
girls do. This is what brown girls don't do.
Like I didn't see a lot of people who
look like me or had my cultural background showing
up in this way. Um. And as I continued
to grow, and as I continued with like my
OnlyFans, there was a point where I was like,
wow, I'm getting a lot of traction. Do I,
like, I remember someone sitting me down. There's another
model in New York. And she said, hey, you
are straddling this line of like, only fans, like,
maybe not super explicit model, but like OnlyFans girl
model, adult arena, and like mainstream modeling and like
you have, and she was like, you're gonna have
to pick a lane. Like whatever Lane, just like
think about that. And I remember for a few
months I was like, why do I have to
pick Lane? Why can't I be about both? And
yes, there are some girls who are able to
do both, and that's great for them. But truly.
It, it is such a huge divide when you
look at things like brands, like sponsorships, who will,
you know, be your friend on social media, who
will hang out with you, what, what opportunities you
get given or not given. And there was a
summer. I went to uh a local event here
in New Orleans. There was like a motivational speaker,
speaker, life coach that was there, and she had
us do this exercise. And she was like, What
do you want to let go of to bring
something in? She was like, because everything that you
let go of, you're making room for something else.
So I said, I want to let go of
the fear of failure to welcoming growth, whatever that
looked like. Um. And I went on one of
my first collab trips to Los Angeles, and on
that trip. I met so many people that were
living very salacious lives, and they were successful. They
were happy, they had community. And I just thought
to myself, I was like, I could go mainstream
modeling, but are those my people? You know, I,
I'm just like, I'm not really sure that's who
I am. I was like, I think I'm over
here with these people, and that is what I
want to do. And I tell people all the
time that I got here by following what felt
right and good to me. And that's what I
just keep doing. Like, I just keep being like,
OK, that feels right for me right now. Um,
AND I, and I knew I was like, OK,
I got to a certain point there where I
was like, if I get the opportunity to shoot
mainstream, I would love to have that that choice.
Um, I was very blessed to have someone who
brought me into that, who sat me down and
was like, this is what this is going to
mean. This will be on the internet forever, because
by this time, like, I didn't show anything new.
On online, right? Like I think I had just
posted like my first topless photo on Twitter. I
was very reserved. And I was like, OK, this
is a huge jump. But I wanted to do
it. And that went like, and when I first
did it, I was like, OK, well, maybe I
shoot this and this is the only thing ever.
Um, AND no one might know. And then that
went completely viral. And Um, yeah, changed my life
forever. I mean, like I said, it's just been
like this journey of saying yes to things that
felt right and good instead of saying yes to
things that I think I should say yes to.
But when you made that jump, did you feel,
uh, anxious, or did you feel comfortable with it
from the get-go, or is it something that you
had to develop with time?
So the first time I thought about posting something
even like sexual or me having sex on the
internet, I remember it was before this like summer
trip where I decided I was going to shoot
for a studio, and I paced around in my
house for like 30 minutes. And It was more
so it was that fear of like, what if
I do this? And I make no money from
it. Because that's always an option, right? Like, hey,
because they're like, once you do this, you're not
going back. You're not going back this way. This
is a one-way street. Right now, you're at a
point where you can go back. And once I
realized that the biggest and only fear that was
holding me back was like, what if I do
this and I fail? And I was like, well,
I'm going to fail at it if I don't
do it. And I just had this whole thing
where I was like, I'm going to let go
of that fear of failure. Is there anything else?
Oh, nothing else. OK, cool. Let's go. Let's do
it. Um, SO yeah, I mean, after that, not,
not really, there, I think are always going to
be hesitations or things of like, oh, what if,
what if that, what if that? And I think
another thing of realizing for me, on every decision
that I make in my life, is that if
I say yes to this, I say no to
other things, whether I know what that that that,
whether I know what I'm saying no to or
not, I'm saying no to a lot of other
things. Do I feel good enough in this? Yes,
that I'm accepting this. For that, you know, and
that is where I try to ground myself and,
hey, I say yes to this on Saturday. That
means I can't say yes to anything else on
that time on Saturday, right? Like that, that's where
we have to go.
Mhm. Uh, I would like to ask you, how
do you feel about being a female from a
cultural background that is not typically Western in the
porn industry?
I mean, I love it here. In short, um,
and I think another thing is there's a lot
more. Diversity in porn than we might realize because
I think that there are, I know at least
a few girls who are from these cultures that
just never talk about it. They just, they don't
talk about their background at all. They might be
Lebanese, they might be, you know, Middle Eastern. They
might, and they just don't bring it up. It's
not a thing. So. So for me, especially my
first scene that went viral being Bollywood themed, there
was like no denying it, but I was already
a creator, um, model who was using saris, who
was using, really stepping into my culture in that
way. And as I said before, growing up, and
just being different or stepping out of some of
these things, I was like, I never felt like
I saw myself represented anywhere. I never felt like
if I was going to a rave or something
that I looked around, I saw anyone who looked
like me. Um, BUT once I started modeling and
leaning into that and saying, hey, this is me,
I started finding so many other people like me
and really feeling a lot more grounded in that.
I get to be who I am and express
myself in any way, and that does not make
me any less South Asian. I get to be
bisexual and South Asian. I get to be queer
and South Asian. I get to be a sex
worker in South Asian. I get to have fantasies.
And be South Asian. I get to have all
of these complexities in my life and still have
this part of my identity remain intact. And I
think that as a large, there's like, again, this
culture of like, oh, if you're from this place,
you're going to be, you know, you have three
options of what you're going to do with your
life and your education, and you have to live
by this, this and this, and like, what will
people say? And I just have found over and
over again by being who I am, unapologetically showing
up and letting other like it really helps other
people see that they can do that. When my
scene first came out, I had such a huge
outpour of of beautiful and wonderful people coming to
my pages and being like, wow, I've never seen
this. Thank you. Um, EVEN one of the last,
like I have A friend who DJs in New
York. She's South Asian. That's like her thing. She
DJs and she says she makes world music and
she truly does. She blends all types of like
brown music together. And so the community really comes
out, but like, leaving her set, someone like stopped
me and was like, hey, I just want to
say thank you for everything that you're doing. This
is so important. Like your representation matters. It means
so much to us. And like, that is why
I feel like I shine my light. Even if
it's just for one person out there, that felt
like I did, who felt like you're alone and
you can't be who you are. Um, THAT'S just
not true. No.
So this is a point that I've had different
opinions on the show already from different people. For
example, in my interview with David Devine, we were
talking about how nowadays compared to, for example, uh
the 80s, the 90s, and even the 2000s, there's
more diversity in the porn industry in terms of
the types of bodies, people from different cultural backgrounds.
Different races, etc. uh, AND, uh, she said, and
I also said that uh we think that's very,
uh, very positive, but, uh, on the other hand,
uh, I mean, I've had Nina Hartley on the
show and she told me because I was convinced
that for example the fact that in the early
2000s the category of MILF came around that that.
Would contribute to fighting ageism in the porn industry
and also more interracial sex scenes would contribute to
fighting racism, but actually she told me that she
thinks that um many of uh lots of that
has actually contributes to fetishization of certain people and
groups of people. So I mean what do you
feel about that?
I think both can be true, right? I think
all of it can be true. It can be
true that if I show up as I am,
and I do scenes in culture where on my
fan sites or for pro stuff or I just
exist as a brown woman on set that I
can also increase diversity while fetish like people who
are going to fetishize me, like are gonna come.
That is just the truth. Right? I cannot stop
anyone from fetishizing me. I cannot stop anyone who
wants to take, you know, a clip that I've
posted anywhere and then rebrand it with a gross
raceplay thing. Like that's on them and has actually
nothing to do with me. Um, AND that's how
I have to look at it. Um, I don't,
like, for instance, I'll tell people I'm like, hey,
I don't do raceplay. But like, my identity, I'm
OK with like, Titling something like, hey, I do
hail from Pakistani background. I am South Asian. I
am Punjabi. I'm like, It, it, it, however, people
are going to take that, I'm putting these descriptors
out there, so people who are looking for inclusivity,
inclusivity or people who look like them or people
from their culture can find me, but like you're
also gonna flag and get people who are going
to fetishize you, um, you know, like I said,
it's just how I, I'm like I exist as
a fetish. That is what it is. I can't,
I can't stop anyone from that.
Well, I mean, there are people I've had at
least Little on the show and she, we were
talking a little bit about objectification, and she told
me, look, I think there's positive ways of being
objectified, so it's not always negative.
Yes, yes, and I think it's a great bit
to just be like, OK, well, what if I
want to be objectified? What if I like that?
What if I love the fact that I get
to get naked and fucked on camera or fuck
myself with the dildo or tease men, degrade men,
do whatever for money? I love being this. I
love that I, my job is be pretty. You
know, like, love that.
So, I mean, it, it's certainly the case that
um sex workers in general still have to do
with, uh have to deal with lots of stigma.
Is that something that you've been a victim of
that you've experienced yourself in any way or not?
How so? Explain, like, uh,
I mean, in terms of social stigma, I mean
the kinds of things that we've already talked about
people having negative opinions of sex workers and thinking
that they are not intelligent, that they are doing
that just for the money, or that, for example,
they are, uh, they have a negative impact on
society in the. Sense that they perhaps contribute to
the sexualization of society or that they ruin marriages
and so on and so forth, you know, that
those kinds of negative attitudes that people have towards
sex workers. You
know, I would say if there's any sex worker
or someone that's in this field that's like, I've
never had anyone comment that, I would say they're
a liar. Um, I get it all the time.
I get tons of hate messages, people who comment
on my stuff. I have, I used to respond
to them. And like clap back at trolls and
then I realized some really important things like one,
you're going to feed the culture that your page
is going to surround. So if I'm only replying
to all these negative people, then people are going
to feel more empowered to put hateful things on
my stuff. Um, SO I don't want to give
energy to that. Um, 2, it is not my
job to educate everyone. It is not. If you
for some reason look at porn, pornography, porn actress,
actors, any of this as like, oh, you're ruining
society because this is the only thing we have
to teach us about sex, um, I think your
vision of this is so skewed because if this
is the only, if it one, you're not gonna
like, who is watching, you know. Uh, A chef
flipping, like chopping and flipping things to be like,
yeah, that's how I cut stuff, and you're gonna
cut a finger off. You're not watching Fast and
the Furious to teach you how to drive. You're
not doing those things. You look at that and
you say, that's a professional, right? Like it's just
what you do versus with sex, and I've, I've,
I've heard people say this, it's like, hey, people
are looking at sex online as like this is
how you're supposed to fuck because they have no
other tools. I think that's a bigger systemic. And
like, honestly, global problem of the lack of sexual
education. So if you feel like it's doing this,
like I would really love to see those same
people who are advocating and trying to work so
hard to make laws to ban pornography because it's
like ruining people to Make laws that educate the
youth on what safe sex is, on what practices
are about your bodies, about consents. I think those
are much bigger things because But because we tried
to snuff that out, not me, we, but those
we, um, it's all we're left with, right? I
mean, we're looking at a base problem of a
lack of education, a lack of people knowing how
to connect with their partners, a lack of people
who don't know how to ask for consent, a
lack of people who just don't understand anything, and
then we're looking. And blaming other people. Why? Like,
I didn't tell you not to educate your children
on, you know, internet safety. I didn't teach your
children, you know, abstinence is the only way. I
didn't like, I didn't do that. I didn't do
literally any of that.
Yeah, for sure, and I mean it's interesting because
people, whenever they say those kinds of things, they
make those kinds of accusations, always seem to forget
that pornography, first of all is entertainment. It's a
fantasy, right? And second of all, they also don't
know or don't care about the positive impact that
it can have in society. Like for example, there
are certain couples that use pornography to, I mean,
improve. Improve their sex life, their relationship actually, and
for example, there's the idea that there's something out
there that we should call porn addiction, but I've
actually have on the show a neuroscientist Nicole P
Prosi. She does work on that and actually what
some people call porn addiction is nothing more than
people from certain religious backgrounds that have certain moral
values. If they watch pornography even. Just a little
bit because they morally condemn it, they identify as
porn addict, addicts, and they feel bad about themselves,
but it's just that, it's just them not having,
um, I guess, a healthy relationship with sex.
Yes, exactly, and that's a huge problem. And again,
people want to vilify people in my fields when
instead of just looking in a mirror. Right, because
that that's much harder. That's so much harder to
say, hey, my beliefs have stifled this so much,
or the way I think everything should be handled
has actually pushed this down. This like we all
have to be afraid of sex type of mindset
just is archaic. It needs to be done away
with, because you can still say you can have
whatever beliefs you have and still say, I'm going
to educate. On these topics and not just like
the moment you have sex, you're gonna get AIDS
and die, right? Cause like that's a real thing,
people do that. People will tell, you know, the
youth that, hey, if you masturbate, um, in God's
eyes, you are cheating on your partner and you
are committing a horrible sin and like what? Like
we have bodies and that's OK, you know. We
don't have to put it all in a shame
box. It's all right.
Yeah, no, no, it's interesting because some of, at
least some of the same people that are against
pornography and sex work are also the ones who
are against sex education. So, I mean, what gives,
you're criticizing people for letting uh minors uh getting,
uh, I mean, learn about. Sex through por through
pornography, but then at the same time you don't
want them to have sex education. So what do
you want them to do, to just uh follow
those silly, uh, arguments put forth by religious people
that you should just abstain from sex? I mean
that's not going to happen, right?
It's not, it's not gonna happen. That that is
just a fact.
Yeah, so what kind of relationship, because of course
you said that you you get some hate messages,
some trolls in your DMs. What, what kind of
relationship do you have with your fans? Is it
mostly positive, mostly negative, or somewhere in between?
I try to keep it very positive. Um, EVERY
now and then I get someone on my fan
sites that I have to say something to. Um,
I try to keep that as a minimum. Um,
I love being what I've had someone call me
squishy one time, but squishy, and they're like, you're
really sweet. You're really like caring. Um, I do.
You know, people want to be like, oh my
God, you're just selling your soul online on OnlyFans.
I was like I read poetry to my fans.
I like have sent them guided meditations. I give
them words of affirmations. I talk about and do
so much more with them. It and it really
can be a choose your own experience, but like,
If someone comes at me or like onto one
of my fan sites to message me something hateful,
they're getting either restricted or blocked immediately depending, you
know, I'm just like, hey, that actually does is
not gonna fly here. Um, I don't do that.
Yeah, and earlier, uh, I was just going to
comment because earlier you mentioned masturbation and it's interesting
because, uh, I mean, people seem, uh at least
certain people seem to think that they can just
uh Uh, I, I don't know, put some cultural
norms in place to, uh, uh, uh, incent or
to disincentivize people from having sexual pleasure. I mean,
oh, if you masturbate, it's a sin. If you
do oral sex on your partner, it, it's sodomy,
it's also a sin, and I mean, come on,
are people not allowed to experience sexual pleasure?
Sometimes that is a belief that is held so
staunchly. Yeah, that they're just like, no, none of
that, no pleasure. And again, it's something that's, I
have unlearned, right? Like I, as I mentioned before,
I came from a, a place where I was
like, hey, my sexual pleasure isn't mine. I don't
get to have these nice things. Um, BUT it
is something that you can unlearn and unlearn safely.
But it is, you know, it can be scary.
That's, it's just is what it is.
Um, HAVE you ever thought as to whether you
identify as a feminist at all, or has that
not crossed your mind? I mean, do you identify
as a feminist?
I mean, I, I think I do identify as
a feminist, but I don't see why. I think
some people are when I read the term, what
was it, it was like, um, Oh my God,
I can't remember what the, the, the term that's
like not extreme feminist, but like something, and I'm
like all this means
radical feminist,
yeah, a radical feminist, but when you look at
like what does radical feminism mean, it's just that
truly like systems are built around men, our masculinity,
and that women aren't treated equally. And I, I
do feel like a vast majority, I mean, there
are a lot of societal gender differences, right? And
I, I hear when there are masks or men
out there who are like, well, we have this,
you're so right. You're so right. There are bad
things for all of us. Um, BUT some of
us didn't have like the right to vote. Some
of us in like the last election. I got
to see a sizable population of people saying they
still wished we didn't have the right to vote.
So, I mean, that's, I would, I would go,
I would start there. I would start there.
You know, it's funny that you mentioned the radical
feminists. I mean, I, I'm a feminist. I love
feminist literature and all of that, but the radical
feminists, at least some of them, uh, they are
really annoying because the radical feminists include the ones
who are sex negative feminists, and so the ones
who don't include swerves or turfs in feminism for
me. That's for me, absolutely not. Uh, YEAH, sex
worker, exclusive feminist, um. Not, not it for me.
I'm like, you're not a real feminist if you
can't get behind that. I was like, look, my
version of feminism also says that women can do
whatever they want. It means that if you have
decided that you're a pretty girl and you're like,
I shouldn't have to clean my car, guess what?
You, you get to have that choice. You get
to have that choice and live whatever life you
want. You want to be a tradwi. My version
of feminism says you get to be a tradwife
because it's what you want.
No, I agree, and I mean it's, it's interesting
because you were, you are talking there about choice
feminism and some of these radical feminists who are
against sex work, pornography and so on, uh, they
actually argue. In that in their mind there can't
be a woman out there who does sex work
and who's not coerced into it, that women can
just choose to be sex workers out of their
own free will, I mean. There must have been
some sort of coercion or they must live in
some sort of dire financial circumstances that push them
into sex work or something like that, but they
just can't make that choice, you know.
You know, we each get to have our own
views, and I can say that they're wrong. For
me, oh, that's not me. So, you know, and
I understand that they have that. It. I can't,
I can't go around policing their mind and telling
this because they're gonna turn around and be like,
well, you were conditioned X, Y, and Z. Sure,
fair. OK. Um, RIGHT, because they might be like,
oh, well, if you weren't, you know, held to
these standards, then you would never have went here,
possibly, possibly, but I don't think I ever wanted
to be friends with someone who had views of
someone else that was less than them. I know
that much. I don't think I ever would have
been that person, you know.
Yeah, I mean, I think it's a very patronizing
view of adult women, right, because it's as if
they're thinking that adult women do not have sufficient
agency to make their own free choices,
right? Yes, yes, very much so, and I think
it's. We live in a very special time, but
when I think about it, I'm like, when was
it not a very weird and special time throughout
history? It's always been a weird and special time
and every time he has its own challenges, right?
Cause we have creators, performers, workers like me, who
are very much here for the girls, the girls'
pleasure, but it is this weird thing where it's
like, People view this job as so much for
the male gaze, and it's like, I've gotten really
recently, I'm like, hey, I just want y'all to
know anytime I'm doing a makeup transition, anytime I'm
talking to y'all, like this is for the girls.
I want y'all to know my entire page is
for the girls. Like I'm here for the girls.
And I think that is also something like, for
instance, I had, this is maybe a year or
so ago, uh, a male that was in, he
was in like Not my, like, kind of like
around my social circles. And he sent me a
message. He was like, OK, I've got this great
idea. And I was like, OK, shoot. And he
explains to me, ethical porn and feminist porn, right?
And I was like, because he was like, I
have this great idea. And he's like, You know,
a lot of films in your industry, um, they're
not shot, maybe the greatest, um, they have no
real storylines, they have no psycho drama, they're not
showing real pleasure in this, and I think, you
know, Film, like pornographic films done in like a
movie setting, something that's pretty, has a storyline, has
these things, and I was like, you're, I was
like, great idea, bro. You're literally just describing feminist
porn or ethical porn. And he was like, OK,
yeah, but not something that's just for the female
gaze. I was like, here's the thing. I was
like, anything shot for I was like, it's all
shot for everyone's gaze. Everyone's gonna enjoy it. I
was like, but you're not looking at like, This
portion that's specifically made for men that like a
woman watches that are not every woman, because there's
some that really love it, but a lot of
women look at that and they're like, well, that's
not the type of sex I want to see,
that's not the type of sex I have, that's
not the sex I dream about having. Um, WHEREAS
then you have like this other complete genre and
and way, and we're like, yeah, actually, we really
love that. That feels really good and authentic. And
I think that kind of goes hand in hand
of like, hey, there are people like me, we're
over here making, like, yes, there are performances, but
there are also very authentic. I'm never doing something
I don't want to do. I'm enjoying myself, truly.
I'm having orgasms in my videos. I'm, you know
what I mean? So it's like, hey, we're here,
we are enjoying it, um, you know, like I
said, there can be a level of someone being
like, well, you're objectifying yourself. OK, well, what if
I find that? What if I like that? What
if I like that?
Yeah. No, you, you know, it's very interesting because,
uh, Pornhub has just recently released their year in
review for 2025, and the idea. Uh, uh, BUT
yeah, but I was going to say, and the
idea that porn, uh, the main, uh, target audience
or the only target audience for porn is men.
Uh, I mean, actually, perhaps that's more of a
cultural thing than a thing than people might think
because right now, 38% of users are female, and
the category that grew the most in 2025 was
lesbian. So
there we go, there we go for the girls,
for the girls.
OK, so, uh, look, I, I was, uh, asking
you about the sort of attitudes that the sex
negative feminists have toward sex work, but of course
there's also, there's also sex-posit feminists who support sex
workers and so on. And, uh, do you agree
with them when they say that sex work can
be empowering?
Yes, I think sex work can be very empowering.
I get to have agency over what I do
with my body. I get to have agency of
what I do or don't do, how I'm portrayed,
you know, my branding. I, I, I find sex
work very empowering for me. That doesn't mean everybody
does, but I, I do. And I think that's
a really important, you know, part for me.
Mhm. So, of course, I, I'm doing this series,
I've already told you about humanizing sex workers. ER,
you're going to be featured there, so, uh, what
do you think are perhaps the best ways of
fighting against er social stigma when it comes to
sex work? I mean, what do you think are
the best ways of humanizing sex workers?
I mean, I think the biggest thing is to
talk to us, to actually look at us, um,
which can also be hard because there is such
a stigma around porn. I think there are so
many people who are like, you know, you meet
them in real life, they're like, love that, love
that you do that. I can't follow your page.
You know, my dad's gonna see that I follow
a porn star, or, you know, any of those
things, or my friends are going to see that
I follow you and If I bring it up,
if someone's like, oh, X, Y, and Z about
sex workers, and then I chime in with this,
then like they're going to know that I watch,
um, so I don't think, I mean, again, not
that I have. Maybe I don't know, maybe I
don't have all the answers, but I think one
of them lies in, in educating. Ed, you know,
Like just educating people that we are real humans.
Um, AND again, not my job all the time,
right? Um, AND I think about that sometimes when
I go to respond to people or I've gotten
more into, I had started out doing like a
lot of talking vlogs and I'm getting back into
that, like when I get ready for my social
media, and I'm like, how much of this is
my job to talk about. Like, do I want
to make this my job to talk about this?
Is that gonna be my shtick? What parts, you
know, cause some of it can get heavy, some
of it can seem one-sided, some of it can
seem misandrus, or like how do you make a
heavy topic, something that's light and fluffy and digestible
for people, and I think like that is, you
know, a thing to just be like, hey, I'm
a normal person. Hi, I have a life. Hi,
I don't, you know, nobody wants to sit here
and see hate comments all the time. Every now
and then I respond to people, and when someone's
like, you treated your body, you're a disgrace to
your family, and I'm like, OK, yeah, I'm sure
your mom, as soon as you were born, looked
at you and was like, Wow, my pride and
joy. Can't wait until you go and comment on
random women on the internet. That's everything I ever
wanted from you. I'm like, you're not making your
family proud being here, honey, and you follow me.
Like, I don't know who, like you say I'm
in the wrong. I'm telling you right now you're
not making, you're not bringing honor to your family
name right now. It's all I have to say.
Um, BUT, but again, that's mean. I don't know
how else to say it. I'm just like, I
don't know.
Uh, YOU know, it, it's actually, I find it
a bit funny when people use terms like, oh,
you're a degenerate, you're a sinner, you're this, you're
that. I mean, come on, what does that mean?
You're just, uh, uh, using your own moral values.
I mean, I don't share your. Moral values. So
why should you call calling me something like that?
Why should that matter to me?
Yes, huge, yeah, yeah, and that's a huge point.
And I'm like, it doesn't really matter. Like you're,
you're not someone of importance to me, so.
Yeah, but at the same time you touched on
the point there that I think might be relevant
because actually I think that many people out there
are actually afraid of being associated with sex workers
because they think, oh my God, if people know
I'm associated with them in some way, I'm I
might get some of that social discrimination. I might
get some of those, some of that social stigma
associated with them by osmosis or something like that.
But sometimes it does, like, and I know I
mentioned I did food stuff before, um. My food
account got hacked really shortly after starting my adult
platforms. Um, BUT I started really quickly realizing that
some of the same people who were inviting me
to like, hey, we're throwing a dinner party completely
stopped. Um, I had a friend who was a
director of a local, um, like, food festival, didn't
hear from her, you know. And it was one
of those things that was like, yeah, people were
kind of like, hey, I really can't be seen
out with you. I can't be associated with you.
You stop getting invited to the restaurants for their
openings. You stop like people, and like there are
people out there who are like, I really don't
care. And there are people out there who really
care and act like you, like it's leprosy. Right,
they're like, oh my God, if I come around
you, I'm, you know, dirty by some, some mean
or standards, and it is wild to watch those
doors kind of shut in a weird way where
I was like, hey guys, I was the girl
who's putting slices of pizza over my nipples and
taking photos and putting them on Instagram. Like, I
don't feel like I'm, I don't feel like I
switched up on anyone, you know what I mean?
Like, um, I've been working in handstands in at
like the fine dining restaurant. And y'all were eating
that up. And knew me before, so, but it
is, it's, you know, it is like a, a
weird thing. You just kind of watch people slowly
cycle out of your life, and part of it
for me is just being like, you know what,
um, again, A, if that's how you were gonna
switch up, you're not someone who I really need
in my circle. B, um, You know, I, you
could just, I don't know, people could also just
be honest. Like you don't have to be here.
We don't have to be friends. It's OK.
Yeah, and then there's also the hypocrites, right? I
mean, those kinds of people who are always publicly
condemning porn, but then they actually consume it in
their private lives, and I mean they're always using
those terms, as I said before, the Jarisin or
so on and so forth. But then actually we
also have data from Pornhub because the red states
in the US are some of the ones who
watch porn the most, so. You know, people that
that are extremely religious seem to be the ones
that also consume the most important.
Yes, I remember hearing someone say if you wanted
to make sure that um Your any like your
children turn out to be porn stars, they were
like raise them Mormon. Apparently there's like a huge
amount. Apparently that's like the Mormon are cult, you
know, to porn pipeline is like crazy. The very
strict household upbringing to porn, it's crazy. It's like
wow. And it's kind of wild how if you
just educated people. We would, we would all be
real chill around here.
Yeah, and as I said before, if they just
have a more healthy relationship with sex, perhaps some
of them wouldn't even identify or self-identify as porn
addicts. I mean, you're just watching uh porn, it's
fine, it's
OK. Yeah, and just like you said, people who
are throwing those insults or slurs, it's like a
lot of times I go to their profile and
they're following me, and I'm like, Yeah. You're like,
you're disgusting. I hate you, you're scum of the
earth. You should unalive yourself, and I'm like, follow
back, you follow me? Like that's crazy. Like you're
literally just here. To like what I call hate
jerk, I'm like, I'm like they hate jerk. I'm
like, you're they're actually doing that for themselves. I
was like, what you realize in my, the way
I view it is I'm like you hate yourself
and you hate whatever ideologies you're holding that have
taught you this hate and then you're projecting it
onto me and like. You know what, that's, that's
their own battles. They're gonna go whack them all
out with that.
No, but that's really rich. So, uh, look, I
have two more questions. Uh, FIRST of all, um,
what do, what would you say is the role
that sex plays in your life? And do you
think that that perspective changed after you started doing
pornography or not?
I think sex has When I got divorced, it
really, like I said, I really took control over
my pleasure and saying I want to put this
forefront for me and exploring my body and learning
how do I go and do X, Y, and
Z consensually and how do I do this, and
it's really opened the door to kind of this
universe that felt so closed off before and not
for me. Um, IT helps me just get in
touch with my body. There was a lot of
Like I think disassociation that I had and I
think a lot of people experience and one of
the first places I was able to fully be
in my body and present was in sex and
helped me to learn to have a healthier relationship
with self, a healthier relationship with my body, with
my mental health. I think. It also helps me
tap into like creativity and just expression, because if
you're not, or at least when I'm not afraid
of my body, I think it's to even just
be like, OK, how can I play with clothes?
How can I play with my makeup? How can
I, you know, when I am not afraid of
everything my body is doing or that everything that
it does is bad, then I can dance. I,
I can't, even if I don't look great doing
it, I can dance. I can, you know, put
on a twirly skirt. I can, you know, express
myself how I want to express myself. I would
say going into porn has opened up doors to
try. Things a little differently and learning a different
way to perform, how to connect with people. Um,
I think the biggest thing because it, I feel
like so many people are like, oh, you're a
porn star. You must be fucking all the time.
And I'm like, actually, being in porn has limited
kind of my, my regular dating life so much
because of testing standards or like my availability is
just so limited. And if I'm going to be
seeing someone, even if it's casual, hey, if I
have a shoot in the next 2 weeks or
the next month, like we, and you're not like
talent tested, and you're, and even if you are,
you can only engage with people who are talent
tested, and where I live, that pool is like
0. Like, how many people are like, yeah, I
would like to casually see you and only you
and But then like I, Jasmine get to go
do other stuff, and I'm like, cause I've had
a few people like, how's that fair? I'm like,
I don't know, man, maybe go pay for all
your partners to get tested, make sure that they're
tested. I I don't know what else to tell
you, um, but it's, I think also just changed.
The way I've seen sex in my personal life,
it's made it so much more, it has always
been sacred, but it's like very much more sacred
and so much more intimate if I'm having, you
know, a sexual encounter with someone off of camera.
Mhm. So my last question then, uh, if I
get, if I'm getting this right, you've been in
the porn industry for 2 years, 3, 4-ish months,
right?
Something like that, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah. So, how do you look back at
these 2 years and, um, I mean, what do
you think uh about your future in the porn
industry? I mean, what are your plans and stuff
like that?
I get that question a lot, um. One, if
I look back at it, I say, wow, what
an amazing career, how much growth there is. I
realized that um it is not very common to
have the start that I had where I kind
of had this really, you know, I'm sure there,
there might be people who don't know who I
am. That's fine. But within the porn industry, like
shooting up, getting nominated for some of the biggest
awards really quickly. Um, AND just continuously up there.
I look around sometimes, like when I'm hanging out
with my friends, and I'm like, wow, I'm surrounded
by like, award-winning, award-nominated, top of the line porn
stars and creators. I'm like, how, but then I
also realized like, I'm one of those people. And
those are the circles I got put into and
how absolutely insane that is. And in a sense,
I'm like, OK, well, I can understand why some
men hate me because I get to live your
dreams. Like I get to fuck all the baddies
that you could never, um, but it is, it's
really amazing to see just the huge uptick. Um,
AND I think the, the question always is, where
do you go from there? I think I am
always trying every set that I go on before
I show up, as I'm there, I'm trying to
learn, grow, whether that be like my acting. Um,
WHATEVER it is, right? Like I got to shoot
for the ABN campaign. I was like, OK, let
me go look at past years on what they
did with those models. Hey, if I'm going to
a set and it's like, OK, well this is
a realtor scene, I'm gonna go to this company's
website. I'm gonna look and see if they have
any other realtor scenes. How do realtors open the
door in porn? How do they talk to people?
What are things that I can say? Just always
trying to grow, always trying to Be better for
myself, for my coworkers, for everyone on sets, um.
And just trying to figure out like, hey, what
is that next thing that feels really right and
good? Um, WHAT I've been working on this past
year was leveling up my stuff for my sites,
as well as increasing and getting better at like
my acting and performing on stage. That way, you
know, I'm again, just constantly bringing something good, good,
and making everyone feel like, yes, this one, this
was great. Um, AND I think I've Really done
a great job in that this year of like
having. Something kind of unlock unlocking me and being
like, wow, another level, and like I remember being
on camera and like kind of feeling it come
out and I was like, wow, this is new.
This is, this is a whole brand new Jasmine,
she's doing, she's doing so much more, um, and
it's also wonderful to feel that way because it's
like, OK, yes, I can, like there's still a
place for me to go up and up and
just keep. You know, reaching those goals and those
dreams. Um, I really like script writing. I like,
um, coming up with really fun stuff. I've done
a few, like, short films that go along with
some of my scenes or, um, I think that's
really fun, whether it be a solo or a
partner thing, and I don't know. And I, and
I understand also that I'm like, OK, they're kind
of passion projects. I've had people be like, Oh,
well, you did this whole bounty hunter thing. Was
that that's just like a social media reel. I'm
like, no, there's an entire solo video that goes
with that. Like, but it had like a short
film that went on social media, you know, um,
so it's those things. It's, um, yeah, trying to,
trying to see what else I could do for
the girls and, and for, you know, the girl
in me.
OK, so where can people find you on the
internet? Uh,
uh, I have, you can find me on most
social medias, um, Instagram, TikTok. Twitter X, whatever we're
calling it nowadays, Reddit. Um, ALL of my links
and all everything is at all bad bitches go
to heaven.com, spelled exactly how it sounds. I do
believe everyone knows how to spell all bad bitches
go to heaven.com. Um, BUT if that fails you,
my name is Jasmine Sherney, J A S M
I N E S H E R N I.
And uh underscore after that.
Great, so Jasmine, it's been really nice to meet
you and talk to you. So thank you so
much for coming on the show.
Thank you, Ricardo. I really appreciate it.
Hi guys, thank you for watching this interview until
the end. If you liked it, please share it,
leave a like and hit the subscription button. The
show is brought to you by Enlights Learning and
Development done differently. Check their website at enlights.com and
also please consider supporting the show on Patreon or
PayPal. I would also like to give a huge
thank you to my main patrons and PayPal supporters,
Perergo Larsson, Jerry Muller, Frederick Sundo, Bernard Seyaz Olaf,
Alex, Adam Cassel, Matthew Whittingbird, Arnaud Wolff, Tim Hollis,
Eric Elena, John Connors, Philip Forrest Connolly. Then Dmitri
Robert Windegerru Inasi Zu Mark Nevs, Colin Holbrookfield, Governor,
Michel Stormir, Samuel Andrea, Francis Forti Agnun, Svergoo, and
Hal Herz Agnon, Michel Jonathan Labrarinth, John Yardston, and
Samuel Curric Hines, Mark Smith, John Ware, Tom Hammel,
Sardusran, David Sloan Wilson, Yasilla Dezara Romain Roach, Diego
Londono Correa. Yannik Punteran Ruzmani, Charlotte Blis Nicole Barbaro,
Adam Hunt, Pavlostazevski, Alec Baka Madison, Gary G. Alman,
Semov, Zal Adrian Yei Poltontin, John Barboza, Julian Price,
Edward Hall, Eddin Bronner, Douglas Fry, Franco Bartolotti, Gabriel
P Scortez or Suliliski, Scott Zachary Fish, Tim Duffy,
Sony Smith, and Wisman. Daniel Friedman, William Buckner, Paul
Georg Jarno, Luke Lovai, Georgios Theophanous, Chris Williamson, Peter
Wolozin, David Williams, Di Acosta, Anton Ericsson, Charles Murray,
Alex Shaw, Marie Martinez, Coralli Chevalier, Bangalore atheists, Larry
D. Lee Junior. Old Eringbon. Esterri, Michael Bailey, then
Spurber, Robert Grassy, Zigoren, Jeff McMahon, Jake Zul, Barnabas
Raddix, Mark Kempel, Thomas Dovner, Luke Neeson, Chris Story,
Kimberly Johnson, Benjamin Galbert, Jessica Nowicki, Linda Brendan, Nicholas
Carlson, Ismael Bensleyman. George Ekoriati, Valentine Steinmann, Per Crawley,
Kate Van Goler, Alexander Obert, Liam Dunaway, BR, Massoud
Ali Mohammadi, Perpendicular, Jannes Hetner, Ursula Guinov, Gregory Hastings,
David Pinsov, Sean Nelson, Mike Levin, and Jos Necht.
A special thanks to my producers Iar Webb, Jim
Frank Lucas Stinnik, Tom Vanneden, Bernardine Curtis Dixon, Benedict
Mueller, Thomas Trumbull, Catherine and Patrick Tobin, John Carlo
Montenegro, Al Nick Cortiz, and Nick Golden, and to
my executive producers, Matthew Lavender, Sergio Quadrian, Bogdan Kanis,
and Rosie. Thank you for all.